These files are from two projects for the BS Computer Science degree at Southern New Hampshire University, Software Testing, Automation, and Quality Assurance, a 300-level course.

From a testing standpoint, this course, and these projects, taught me to create functional and secure software by first, having the mindset of a testing engineer. It's important to step outside the shoes of the software engineer when testing so that your bias doesn't interfere with testing causing you to miss errors in your code. Especially for beginning software engineers, it's important to assume that your code has errors and provide 100% code coverage so that MAYBE you've caught everything. Peer review is also critical as a fresh set of eyes is an effective method of getting past bias. After adopting the proper mindset and taking a team approach to software testing, a thorough knowledge of JUnit, parameterized testing, and your organization's IDE's tools for testing and code coverage are also critical in ensuring functional and secure code.

From the perspective of testing, incorporating user needs into the code can be done by constantly referring to the software specifications and other deliverables to verify that testing conforms to all specifications. Once the concepts of equivalence partitioning, boundary value analysis, use case testing, statement testing and coverage, decision testing and coverage, decision table testing, and state transition testing are understood, it becomes clear that these concepts must be correlated to each element of the software specification.

After taking this course, and after further reading inspired by the course, I approach designing software with humility and a Test Driven Development philosophy. It's not only possible, but likely, for people to make mistakes, and testing is not an area of software engineering that can be deprioritized.
